
Back at the time when we still learning at our hometown, there we are still just a kids' study from the textbook our teacher told us to read. From time to time, we would ask the teacher curiously why we only learn solely on theories from these textbooks? The teacher simply answer that, because it was a curriculum that already set and we have to follow! I believe that we at a time would imagine what if we can learn on an actual thing? How cool is that?

And here we are now, wish to make a transition on the existing curriculum. We make a vow and determine to be a turning point for education here in Cambodia. As we believe, the additional tools we provide surely make an impact on the next generation.  Last week we just back from the Siem Reap Province, where we hosted a short programming course called “ Arduino Programming course “ in collaboration with the Cambot team and Australian Pacific International ( API ) School.

It makes a big impression on our team as the kids there, they were smart to consider their very young age. But it seemed understandable for their ages to be playful and fill with a curious mind. In terms of basic knowledge, the kids already aware of using smart devices also they learn fun and simple code teach by their teacher. It feels encouraging to see girls are now taking part in the programming world even though most of the kids are boys.

All we see is a positive impact on those young kids after taking a programming course from us. The Cambot team playing an instructor role and genuinely guide and explain all the details needed for the students. Following the flow of the workshop, it involves the introduction of the car kit hardware then moving on to talk about the program using to make it work. We equip the students with KOOMPI for them to using it as a tool to write basic programming code to make the robot car move. The most inspiring and fun part of the workshop was how we see all the kids in the class successfully managed to build their robot car using the component we provide and finally make it move. That was ironic!

Hopefully, with our mission to build the necessary tool for the next generation of engineers, problem solvers, and discoverers it would become an inspiring story to attract potential people to come to join hands with us and make the dream became a reality.
